at least 90 Palestinians have been
killed in an Israeli air strike near KH
unun in Gaza that's according to a mass
run Health Ministry there which also
says around 300 people have been injured
the attack was inside a designated safe
Zone al- maasi where the Israeli
military had urged displaced
Palestinians to seek
shelter well Israel says it was
targeting herass military commanders but
it says it cannot confirm whether or not
they were killed fergal Kean reports now
from Jerusalem and just a warning his
report does contain some disturbing
details from the
start the Israelis told them they would
be safe
here today they bummed
alasi killing
scores wounding
hundreds saying they targeted senior
Hamas leaders hiding among
civilians we were sitting in the tent
nothing was happening suddenly a rocket
fell children were in pieces look at us
world have some
feelings the streets around the blast
sits littered with
casualties our cameraman arrived at the
aftermath to find a refuge devastated
at alnasser hospital the dead were taken
out as the wounded kept
arriving the bombs blasted through
concrete and flimsy
shelters and into the bodies of human
[Music]
beings what do they look like asks
Muhammad sakur in pieces and cut up you
find heads and hands here and there you
find feet it was an ugly image
this is the man Israel says was its main
target Hamas military Chief Muhammad di
accused of masterminding the October
7eventh attacks which killed nearly 1200
Israelis and saw hundreds more taken
hostage his fate and that of his Deputy
is
unclear tonight Israel's leader said
he'd approve the attack in advance
salami there is still no absolute
certainty that the two were eliminated
but I assure you that we will get to all
of the Hamas leadership one way or
another Osama ahmad's father was one of
those killed today a rescue
worker I only saw you this morning he
says but gone all such mornings and what
faith here now in Israel's promise of a
safe Zone fergal Keen BBC News Jerusalem
well we can go live now to our Middle
East correspondent Lucy Williamson who's
in Jerusalem for us tonight so Lucy
reports of 90 dead and we heard there
the Israeli Prime Minister saying
they're not sure actually they even got
their target so does all this mean fresh
scrutiny for
Israel yes I think the size of this
strike and the number of casualties
including reportedly many children are
likely to raise fresh International
questions over where and how Israel
targets Hamas leaders Israel's prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu a short
while ago gave a press conference and he
said he'd authorized the attack after
asking military Chiefs three questions
he wanted to know if there were any
Israeli hostages in the area what kind
of weapons would be used and also what
he called what the collateral damage
would be there was no reference in that
press conference to the 90 people
reported dead and none of the local
Israeli media raised it either but it is
likely to be raised as a question
outside Israel a question about the
civilian toll exacted in a strike
against two military targets